
Introduction

Hello friends, welcome to all of you developer friends, in this new blog post today we have created a very wonderful project for you which is very good and this project is related to travel. Let me tell you that this project is a travel planner website which If any user wants to travel then he can book the travel as per his time.

The special feature of this travel planner website is that it is completely responsive. This website can be used on all devices. Friends, we have designed this website very well which is very good in appearance and working. In this website, we have We have added many things so that the user can get all the features like we have created a section in this website to book a vehicle for traveling and along with that we have selected the place where the user wants to visit. You can also book, and the important thing is that we have also added a contact section in it, so that if the user has any problem, then the user can directly contact us so that the user can solve any problem. and the user feels comfortable using our website.

Friends, we have added a photo section of some good places to visit in this website, in which we have also added the option of rating so that the user can see which place is the best to visit. Friends, we have created this website. We have prepared the structure of this website with HTML, then we have used css to make the design look good i.e. color or font should appear properly and at the same time we have also used JavaScript so that there is no problem in creating a responsive website. If you want to use this website then you will have to keep some things in mind which you will find step by step below.
Steps to Create Traval Planner Website:-

Friends, if we want to use the code of this website, then we will have to first understand what happens with which code and which file, so let us know.

Friends, first of all, to create this website, we have to prepare its structure, but to tear the structure, we will need HTML file. HTML file is needed because to create the structure of any website, we have used HTML. If you have to write code in a code, then to prepare the structure, you have to first create a folder, then open that folder in your code editor, which you can name as per your choice, then you have to go to that folder. A file has to be created by the name of index.html. If you have created the file then you will find the code highlighted below by the name of index.html, the code which you have to upload in your file. As soon as you upload the code in the file, you will get the website structure ready.

Friends, now if you have created the structure of the website, then now you will need CSS to make the structure of this website beautiful, without this you cannot make your website look good, so first of all you need to save the CSS file. You will have to create a file which you will name as style.css but if you do not know what is done by css file then let me tell you that with this you can make your website look good then design it well. You can do things like what should be the color, what should be the size of the font so that the user likes it, in this way you can do all the work with the help of CSS, then to use the code, you have to add the code named style.css below. You will get that code, you have to upload it in this file, then as soon as you view your website, your website will now look much better than before.

Now it comes to the most important code of this website, this code is of JavaScript, in which if you make any mistake then your code will not work. We have used some codes in the JavaScript code like if a user accesses the website on mobile. When you open it, you will see a hamburger, on clicking which you will be able to use whatever button we have added inside the header. You cannot use it without JavaScript, so to use it you have to Below you will find the code of script.js, you will have to upload it in your file, for which you have to create a file named script.js in your folder in which you have to put the code of the script, then you After moving the buttons will start working
